Biography

Berenice Llorens is a multidisciplinary artist, composer and DJ from Córdoba, Argentina bades Berlin.

Through her work she develops an artistic research on musical composition and the transformations of the creative process according to the temporal, visual and auditory perception of the environment we inhabit. Based on Deep Listening and nature, she develops sound experimentation and improvisation techniques in formats such as dj sets, live sets, electronic music among others, with the focus on free, intuitive creation and with the aim of expanding the limits of the musical genre. He develops and dialogues with diverse artistic expressions such as drawing, poetry and video art.

In her solo project launched in 2017 -after ten years of developing her career as a composer in experimental songs and playing as a multi-instrumentalist in various bands-, she dabbles in experimental electronic music. Her works and performances are characterized by the mixture of analog and digital techniques and instruments, processes, voices and field recordings generating atmospheres and sonorities that oscillate between techno, break, electro, experimental and ambient. Independently she released a series of EPs such as: Improlija, C-one, Cold Fight II and in 2020 invited by the Cordovan label Kriptonia, she edited the volume Kriptonîa Split vol. XVI - Aikida // Berenice Llorens.

Within the academic context he studied Piano, Musical Composition (UNC) and Graphic Design. She also takes, seminars and masterclasses in the field of Audio Programming and Postproduction.

Berenice is part of collaborative artistic projects such as Marmotas Dreams, a duo of experimental improvisation with whom she has released two albums "Pequeño kimono" and "Leaving Leaves"; "toros", a duo that explores sound territories that coexist between the digital, the corporeal and the spatial. He also collaborates with visual artists and artists from dance and theater. She is part of the network Amplify Dai and Vesica Piscis. She is also active in her role as guitarist in electroacoustic music ensembles such as the Sonic Arts Ensemble (Ohio) released in 2022 "Live from the Multiverse" on the Ravello label.

In 2021, she received support from the "Fondo Nacional de las artes" program for her project Marmotas Dreams. During the same year, she has been selected by the Instituto Nacional de la Música Argentina INAMU through the open call for sound experimenters. She participated in the Artlab Artistic Residencies program by Amplify D.A.I. in collaboration with the British Council, making together with the Brazilian artist Carol Santana an audiovisual piece entitled "Portal del Sur". This work is part of the exhibition "Occupation Amplify.DAI" at the Oi Futuro Cultural Center in Rio de Janeiro and in the 23rd edition of the Mutek Montreal Festival. He also participated in festivals such as Earth Days Arts Model, Now Net Arts and at the Centro de Arte Sonoro (Bs as). In 2022 he started producing the radio program "Amplify Radio x Rea" which is broadcasted on Radio Electrónica Argentina.
